very good kids that are made and
I hope I'm great perfectly
welcome not yet living in my channel
I am synapse and today we can finally
talk about the call of advanced advanced
work faria you know that yesterday was the
presentation of the game multiplayer
and there are a lot of gameplay out there
rulando and analysis of images and amy and
cocks not the things that I'm not going to
do so down in the description os
I'm going to leave the channel of that which is
doing analysis of the frames that
now I have been seeing such and such
greve analysis that is also
doing the same and I'll leave you
a sniper sniper gameplay
and a sniper montage that have already come out
sniper mounts yes because people
he has already been playing the game for a
couple of weeks and they have given him a chance
so to get out then ride on what
is what has
in my opinion that the jump is a
people seem very good to you
innovative to me I think that I from the
scope in which I play with the
sniper because I think that's what
charge completely because you get things out
with the sniper when usually
we are going to take out the clips with
notes on the piano spawn and then if you're
in spam and stick a 5 meter pot
Will you tell me if you have one below another
half height and another one at the top like
pussy is going to try to get you something with that
so I think that on the subject of that
baza level pretty fucked i do not know if
the game I'm going to buy it or I do not
I'm going to buy that, I have to tell him
already at the beginning along with the first
image is that I have been told
go great fucking bitch but then when
I was seeing camps law of
sniper is very cool because no
carries neither charger or is it a
sniper carrying only one bullet in
the bedroom
every shot that hits you have to go back
to put in
the bullet in the chamber for
perform the following the following and
for that I like that sniper
I like it then there is a gun that
he also carries only one bullet inside
practically like the sniper
also that it hits a lot but I think
that saying the same thing before that to
play with the sniper that's going to
be pretty fucked I know he will be able to
play then the typical hitting
mountebank and those things but it will be
fucked up playing like those of the ethical scouts
of the sniper here comes the point
what will you do with your channel synapse
basically I have the channel based on
call of duty since I went up the first
video to the channel since I've been following
and from the channel I 've always uploaded call of
duty or my channel has always been based
faced your aunt even though then
I have been uploading other things or any
blog or any video that I wanted
edit or anything I've always
had free choice but always in the
central pillar of the canal and
channel growth has been call of
duty not then, let's say that the
dynamic that I was carrying is
always playing with him with the
sniper and I think in this new
ductile case is not going to be able
do that too much then by the way
we are when he linked to everything frank then
I peel me because the power is frank
what I'm going to do is going to be from
now so I 'm going to start climbing
other games that is not just what I do
because I do not know if I'm going to buy this
game or I 'm not going to buy it then
I the white 2 for example of a game
I already have it that maddie ximo or
I have is the game of the most videos
I have in the channel and I saw that there are charges
two types of white with the one of the most
videos I have in the channel let's not no what
I have counted but surely then yes
I'm going to start from now I'm going to
start to upload another type of game and
try to upload a video every Monday
of lol try to climb garries mod and this
I still have not quite decided
because I do not know yet I have to speak it
touch look at it but it is true that
I want to start climbing or at least not to
go up but learn to play minecraft
that I follow if the first one that has
complained about minecraft the first one that has
said that fucking shit
by changing air a bit and in the case
that does not rule out that stop uploading
here they have it in the future and in a
present what I can say is
that in the case of what
I bought the new call of duty I'm not going to
upload things only sniper
yes I will say what we would say
sniper what it is to be a try heart play
with submachine gun and doing those things that
to be a transsexual, let's say that
would also dedicate to upload that in play
playing with different weapons not
only with snipers and not
I know if I should say this still because
It's still early I do not know when it will come out
but when I take days here you know that
I said I was going to get the second part of
neural pool was going to call neural press
2 well I do not think I do too spoiler
but in the end it will not be number
pulse 2 is going to be another montage but in
how much its disassembly that will be around
October to mid -October because I
I calculate that it will be a month and a half
edition
in October and I'll upload the montage already
from there you can stop uploading
things just from sniper I do not know if
completely or if some time in
when a practice match whatever but
I will not base so much the channel are on the
streaming apart from because good I think
that it's too long that I have to
throw trying to get me clips and everything
the roll and then also the standard ones
are going through the roof and I know that
I lost community sniper hates me
simply because of having more
subscribers with them then yes it is
truth that they are really putting me is
lose what they are asking for like in their
montajes but good that is another subject to
try so nothing guys I wanted you
comment simply this I remember that
below the description then you have the
souki channel so you can see yourself degreve
to copy and analyze it because I do not
I do not want to do it so if
you want to see them on your channel and little
more than comment the guys tell me in
the comments that this yes that is me
very important that you put there in the
comments what you think at the
respect
of this good yes that seems very
important that you give me yours
your sincere opinion is worth so
little more than comment the guys thank you
for being there as always and here in
league mode
the sniper is too obvious we
we will see in the next video I hope you
everyone is close to God